com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/view/ResultListView.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.ResultListView
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.ResultListView$1
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/view/model/BaseRectBoundResultModel.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.model.BaseRectBoundResultModel
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/camera/CameraProxy1.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.camera.CameraProxy1
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.camera.CameraProxy1$1
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.camera.CameraProxy1$2
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/view/PreviewDecoratorView.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.PreviewDecoratorView
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/view/model/BaseResultModel.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.model.BaseResultModel
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/camera/CameraListener.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.camera.CameraListener
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.camera.CameraListener$CommonListener
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.camera.CameraListener$TakePictureListener
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/util/ThreadPoolManager.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.util.ThreadPoolManager
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.util.ThreadPoolManager$1
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/layout/PreviewFrameLayout.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.layout.PreviewFrameLayout
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/MainActivity.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.MainActivity
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/view/model/BasePolygonResultModel.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.model.BasePolygonResultModel
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/util/ImageUtil.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.util.ImageUtil
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/util/StringUtil.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.util.StringUtil
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/view/model/OcrViewResultModel.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.model.OcrViewResultModel
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/camera/ICameraProxy.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.camera.ICameraProxy
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/view/model/ClassifyResultModel.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.model.ClassifyResultModel
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/view/ResultMaskView.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.ResultMaskView
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.ResultMaskView$1
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.ResultMaskView$2
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/layout/CameraLayout.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.layout.CameraLayout
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/util/UiLog.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.util.UiLog
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/view/adapter/ClassifyResultAdapter.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.adapter.ClassifyResultAdapter
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/layout/OperationFrameLayout.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.layout.OperationFrameLayout
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/view/model/SegmentResultModel.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.model.SegmentResultModel
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/BuildConfig.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.BuildConfig
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/view/PreviewView.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.PreviewView
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.PreviewView$1
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.PreviewView$2
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/view/adapter/DetectResultAdapter.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.adapter.DetectResultAdapter
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$1
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$1$1
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$1$1$1
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$10
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$11
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$12
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$13
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$14
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$15
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$15$1
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$15$1$1
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$16
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$17
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$18
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$19
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$2
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$2$1
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$20
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$21
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$22
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$3
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$4
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$5
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$6
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$6$1
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$7
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$8
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.MainActivity$9
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/layout/ActionBarLayout.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.layout.ActionBarLayout
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/activity/ResultListener.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.ResultListener
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.ResultListener$ClassifyListener
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.ResultListener$DetectListener
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.ResultListener$ListListener
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.ResultListener$OcrListener
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.activity.ResultListener$SegmentListener
com/baidu/ai/edge/ui/view/model/DetectResultModel.java
 com.baidu.ai.edge.ui.view.model.DetectResultModel
